
https://news.ycombinator.com
Chrome extension recommends local businesses while shopping on Amazon or eBay
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/buy-nearby/egoikpnpdihpdfenconkdnndbnhcfmkj
Show HN: A portfolio website simulating macOS's GUI using React
https://portfolio.zxh.io
I’ve had the same supper for 10 years
https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2021/apr/16/experience-ive-had-the-same-supper-for-10-years
U.S.'s Biggest Gasoline Pipeline Halted After Cyberattack
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-05-08/u-s-s-biggest-gasoline-and-pipeline-halted-after-cyberattack
gRPC benchmark results
https://github.com/LesnyRumcajs/grpc_bench/wiki/2021-04-13-bench-results
FBI subpoenaed Apple for data of Sci-Hub founder
https://twitter.com/ringo_ring/status/1390782451140767749
iPad Camera Multitasking
https://blog.thinktapwork.com/post/649630720084639744/ipad-camera-multitasking
The Byte Order Fiasco
https://justine.lol/endian.html
Linux Foundation starts AgStack, an open-source agtech initiative
https://investableuniverse.com/2021/05/05/linux-foundation-agstack-open-source-agriculture-technology/
Apple tries to get Epic to admit there's porn on its store
https://kotaku.com/apple-tries-really-hard-to-get-epic-to-admit-theres-por-1846849388
Lowkey (YC S18) is hiring senior engineers (full-stack and iOS) who like games
https://www.notion.so/lowkeygg/Lowkey-Job-Board-39a26c1b4a00493fadc26249185df748
Ruby Garbage Collection Deep Dive: Compaction
https://jemma.dev/blog/gc-compaction
Rust for Windows 0.9
https://blogs.windows.com/windowsdeveloper/2021/05/06/announcing-rust-for-windows-v0-9/
Cyberattack Forces a Shutdown of a Top U.S. Pipeline Operator
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/05/08/us/cyberattack-colonial-pipeline.html
Grazing Goat Problems
https://www.quantamagazine.org/solve-math-equations-that-are-stubborn-as-a-goat-20210506/
A primer on code generation in Cranelift
https://blog.benj.me/2021/02/17/cranelift-codegen-primer/
Seeing the Real Faces of Silicon Valley
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/05/08/business/economy/seeing-the-real-faces-of-silicon-valley.html
Putting an Ultra-Tiny Linux Board in a Phone Charger Eventually
https://hackaday.com/2021/05/06/putting-an-ultra-tiny-linux-board-in-a-phone-charger-eventually/
Fifteen Years Forsaken
https://www.damninteresting.com/fifteen-years-forsaken/
The Red One
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Red_One
How to Optimize Order by Random()
https://tpetry.me/20210507-how-to-optimize-order-by-random
The digital currencies that matter
https://www.economist.com/leaders/2021/05/08/the-digital-currencies-that-matter
Be in a field where tech is the limit
https://mathiaskirkbonde.substack.com/p/be-in-a-field-where-tech-is-the-limit
Dark Matter: The Situation Has Changed
http://backreaction.blogspot.com/2021/05/dark-matter-situation-has-changed.html?m=1
Show HN: Lovetris – Tetris which always gives you the best piece
https://unrealwill.github.io/lovetris/
We can 3D print wood now
https://3dprintingindustry.com/news/desktop-metal-redefines-woodworking-with-new-wood-3d-printing-technology-189752/
The Sovietisation of the Mongolian language and challenges of reversal (2020)
https://blogs.bl.uk/endangeredarchives/2020/11/whats-in-a-name-the-sovietisation-of-a-modern-mongolian-language.html
The Connoisseur of Number Sequences (2015)
https://www.quantamagazine.org/neil-sloane-connoisseur-of-number-sequences-20150806/
Did Stone Age Humans Shape the African Landscape with Fire 85,000 Years Ago?
https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/did-humans-shape-landscape-fire-85000-years-ago-180977669/
Bob Dylan lays down what killed rock n roll (2016)
https://medium.com/cuepoint/like-it-is-bob-dylan-explains-what-really-killed-rock-n-roll-f6a4b6587a1a
API
https://github.com/HackerNews/API
Legal
http://www.ycombinator.com/legal/
Apply to YC
http://www.ycombinator.com/apply/
